Modify S6333: Improve the general text (#2522)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6333/description.adoc

> Creating APIs without authentication unnecessarily opens an attack vector on

Reviewer: That works. Or maybe it increases the attack surface. Both is fine for me.

Author: Hmm yeah attack surface might be more used than attack vectors, by dev people.

```suggestion
Creating APIs without authentication unnecessarily increases the attack surface on
```

the target infrastructure.

> Unless another authentication method is used, attackers now have the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless another authentication method is used, attackers have the
```

opportunity to attempt attacks against the underlying API. +

> This means attacks both on the functionnality provided by the API and its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means attacks both on the functionality provided by the API and its
```
